Purpose of fsct: 
To find the paths that may cause incomparability issues when copying files from one file system
to a differently designed file system


1. maxdepth: print any paths that have more than specified number of components 
					

2. pathmax: print any paths that have more than specified number of characters
				
				
3. badchars str: a string is specified as command line, check if the path contains each character
		then print if the paths that have it
						
4. nocasesens: print any path in which the last component collides with another item in the same directory
	       print all repeating paths with upper and lower case difference

					   
					   

Design Outline
For each directory, we first iterate through all entries and store their names in a list. Then, we
iterate through this list of names, check whether they fit any of the compatibility criteria, and
print them if they do. We need the list to check whether two or more file names differ only by
case.
Because there is no function in UNIX that tells us how many entries a directory has, we cannot
create an array with the correct size, so we need to use a dynamic data structure. I chose a
linked list. An alternative would be an array that is grown dynamically by calls to realloc(). To
avoid dynamic data structures and use arrays instead, we could also first do an 'empty' iteration
through the directory entries that simply count the entries, then create an array of matching size,
and finally iterate through the directory to fill the array, but that would require more file system
accesses and may be inefficient.




Description of two limitations of three file systems

Operating System: Control Program/monitor(CP/M)
File System Name: CP/M File System
File System limitations:
1. File names can have only up to 8 characters followed by a period followed by extension.
2. Extension can only have up to 3 characters 
3. Disk drive was identified by drive letter and to refer to it you would need 
	a file name prefixed to it.
4. No subdirectories in the file structure but provided 16 numbered user areas to keep files
	organized

Operating System: MS DOS
File System Name: FAT
File System Limitation
1. A file or directory name can be no more than eight characters long.
2. An extension can be no more than three characters long.
3. No spaces can be included in the file name, the extension or the directory name.
4. Certain characters (? * , ; = + #### >| [ ] / \) are illegal and cannot be used.

Operating System: Digital Equipment Corporation OpenVMS
File System Name: Files-11: ODS-2
File System Limitations:
1. Limited to 8 levels of subdirectories
2. Only upper-case
3. Alphanumeric names up to 39.39 characters.


